Bajcetic...
And across goal towards Gakpo!
Iwobi with the corner, very deep
round the back towards Tarkowski!
Who's denied by the woodwork,
and Liverpool survive.
Now Nunez, and Liverpool's counter-attack.
Red shirts flooding forward -
and it's Salah, goal!
Oh, beautiful finish, Liverpool take the ball
from one end of the field to the other.
And Mohamed Salah as always
is the first to get there.
- At one end Tarkowski thinks
he's got the opening goal in the derby,
but it's all about the delivery, and it's
a lovely little ball into the path of Salah.
- That's brilliant from Robertson, who's just
opened the game up for Liverpool.
Salah, Alexander-Arnold...
Beautiful ball across goal!
Cody Gakpo has scored his first goal
for Liverpool
and given them clear daylight
in the Merseyside derby.
You can just sense the relief round Anfield.
Two big counter-attacks from Liverpool,
two goals for Liverpool.
Lovely ball by Alexander-Arnold,
Salah, Nunez, and still!
And again!
Pickford did enough.
That's a lovely take by Firmino.
Salah, glorious,
can he wrap it up for Liverpool?
It's a very good save by Pickford.